Yes — the content is sound and complete, but the same rules are stated 3 to 5 times each in slightly different wording, which adds length without adding new constraint. There's also one safeguard from earlier that got dropped. Here's what to trim, consolidate, and restore.

1. Consolidate the Ingredient/Meal Attribution Rule (5 → 2 statements)
Currently this same idea appears five separate times:

"Never put an aggregate meal claim in a Watch out row."

"Do not attribute one component's carbohydrate burden to another component..."

"Any meal-level carbohydrate, starch, quantity, or glycaemic-load conclusion must identify the actual contributing components."

"For a meal with multiple components, attribute direct carbohydrate and glycaemic evidence to the components that actually contribute them..."

"Describe each component only by its own direct contribution. Put any combined conclusion in the meal-level 'Blood sugar impact' assessment and name the actual contributing components."

Trim to two statements (the scope rule already covers most of this):

text
Never put an aggregate meal claim in a Watch out row, and never attribute one component's carbohydrate, starch, or glycaemic burden to another component — a negligible- or low-carbohydrate item must not be blamed for carbohydrate contributed by other items.

Any meal-level carbohydrate, starch, quantity, or glycaemic-load conclusion must name the actual contributing components, using available portion and meal context.
This removes three redundant restatements of the same constraint.

2. Consolidate the JSON-Is-Separate/Mandatory Statement (3 → 1)
This is repeated three times:

"The machine-readable foodItems JSON line below is still mandatory and is separate from the human-readable advice."

"The final line must contain only this JSON object and no other JSON keys: {...}"

"The final JSON line is machine-readable and separate from the human-readable advice section. Do not add explanation, commentary, code fences, or additional JSON keys."

Keep only one, placed immediately before the schema:

text
The final line must contain only this JSON object, separate from the human-readable advice above, with no explanation, commentary, code fences, or additional keys — required even when the Watch out line is omitted:

{"foodItems":[{"nameEn":"...","nameZhHant":"...","nameYue":"..."}]}
3. Restore a Missing Safeguard
Your earlier draft had a rule for uncertain identity/preparation/portion that isn't in this version:

text
If food identity, preparation, evidence, or portion is uncertain, do not invent a GI, carbohydrate amount, glycaemic load, or categorical high/low classification — use cautious, non-specific wording instead.
Add this near the "Do not make a carbohydrate-quantity or glycaemic-load claim when... unavailable" line — it covers identity/preparation uncertainty, which that line doesn't.

4. Trim a Redundant Selection-Rule Clause
text
For Low or Medium impact, the selected action must be 1, 3, or 5.
Never select actions 2 or 4 alone for Low or Medium impact.
The second line is logically implied by the first (2 and 4 aren't in {1, 3, 5}), so it adds nothing. Drop it.

5. Minor Precision Add: Qualitative Fallback
Your GL rule bans a quantity/load claim without portion data, but doesn't say what's still allowed. Since glycaemic load specifically requires GI and available-carbohydrate grams per serving to calculate, add a one-line fallback so the model isn't left with no valid phrasing:

text
When portion or composition data is unavailable, you may still describe a component qualitatively as a carbohydrate source, without stating an amount or load.
What Doesn't Need Trimming
The mixed-meal effects bullet list, the Right now action list and selection rules, the HK food-familiarity line, and the food-identity/preparation-distinctness paragraph are each stated once and are doing real work — leave them as-is.

Net Effect
These edits cut roughly 6–8 redundant sentences without removing any constraint, and restore one safeguard that should be there. Everything else in the prompt — locale handling, no-diagnosis rule, evidence-concept separation, action-selection logic, JSON schema — is already precise and non-duplicated.