Task: Food-Level Decomposition + Choice Guide Card Flip
What & Why
Two changes, both required together:

Meal logging must decompose each logged meal into individual food items (not just a meal name string). "Char siu rice" must be stored as two food entries: char siu and rice, each independently trackable.

Replace the current meal-level card-flip UI with a food-level card-flip UI, split into two independent groups:

AI-generated advice group (no HStix on record for that meal): cards show individual foods, tiered into 多選 / 適量 / 少選 using a static population-level food ranking table. No lift, no regression, no personal-pattern language.

HStix-recorded group (meal has an actual logged glucose reading): cards show individual foods with a lift-based personal-pattern sentence, using real HStix outcomes for that user.

These two groups must never share logic, formulas, or wording. Group 1 is population-level reference only. Group 2 is the only group where lift is computed.

Out of Scope
No new features beyond what is specified here.

Do not change the underlying photo-recognition/food-identification model.

Do not add new advice types beyond the choice-guide tiers and the lift sentence.

Do not touch the snap-advice-popup 3-card flow from task #802 — this is a separate surface (home/history food review), unless the agent confirms they are the same component, in which case ask before merging.

Part 1 — Data Model: Food-Level Decomposition
Requirement
Every logged meal must persist a list of individual food items, not only a meal display name.

Input: photo → AI food identification returns one or more food items per meal (this already happens upstream; confirm the raw per-item output is not being discarded before storage).

Storage: each meal record must store an array of food items, e.g.:

text
meal.foods = [
  { name: "char siu", nameZh: "叉燒" },
  { name: "rice", nameZh: "飯" }
]
The meal's existing display name (e.g. "叉燒飯") may still be stored for history/list views, but it must not be the only record — the decomposed array is required for both Part 2 groups to function.

If the AI identification step already returns items separately before being joined into a display string, do not re-parse the string — persist the original item-level output directly. Only fall back to string-splitting heuristics if item-level output is genuinely unavailable, and flag that fallback in code review since it will be unreliable for compound dish names.

Acceptance Check
Query any historical meal record and confirm it returns a food-item array, not just a name string, for meals logged after this change ships.

Part 2A — AI-Generated Advice Group (No HStix Recorded)
Requirement
For meals with no HStix reading, render each individual food item as a swipeable card, not a meal-level card.

Card content per food item: food name + tier assignment (多選 / 適量 / 少選) + colored dot (green / yellow / orange), per the fixed mapping already agreed:

多選 (choose more often) — green — e.g. 蔬菜、清湯、蒸魚、豆腐

適量 (in moderation) — yellow — e.g. 白飯、麵、水果

少選 (choose less often) — orange — e.g. 拉麵、奶茶、油炸食物

The tier mapping is a static, pre-defined population-level lookup table (to be provided/maintained separately — do not have the model infer tiers dynamically per request; this must be deterministic and auditable).

Cards are generated only from foods actually present in the user's logged meal — do not show foods the user did not eat.

If a logged food item is not found in the static tier table, do not guess a tier. Fall back to a neutral "not yet classified" state (exact wording TBD by product, but must not default to any color/tier silently).

No lift, no percentage, no "X% of your meals" language anywhere in this group. This group is reference-only guidance, not personalized measurement.

Required wording constraint: use category-level phrasing (e.g. "呢類食物一般對血糖影響較大"), never meal-causal phrasing (e.g. never "這餐令你血糖上升").

Acceptance Check
For a meal with no HStix reading containing char siu and rice, the card flip shows two cards — one for 叉燒 (tier per table), one for 飯 (tier per table) — not one card for "叉燒飯."

Part 2B — HStix-Recorded Group (Real Glucose Reading Exists)
Requirement
For meals with an actual HStix reading on record, render each individual food item as a swipeable card, showing a lift-based personal pattern sentence instead of the static tier.

Lift formula, applied per food item, per user, using only that user's own logged meals with real HStix outcomes:

text
lift(food → high impact) = P(high impact | food present) / P(high impact)
where "high impact" is defined by the user's actual recorded HStix reading crossing the existing high-impact threshold, not by AI-generated labels.

Card content per food item: food name + a plain-language sentence stating the observed count, e.g.:

"在你記錄的10次含白飯的餐中，7次血糖讀數較高。" (In your 10 meals with white rice, 7 had a higher reading.)

Minimum evidence thresholds before showing a lift-based card for a given food (do not display below these — fall back to the Part 2A static tier for that specific food instead):

Food must appear in at least 5 of the user's logged HStix meals.

User must have at least 25 total HStix-recorded meals overall.

At least 5 high-impact and 5 non-high-impact HStix meals must exist in the user's history.

Do not compute or display lift for the AI-generated advice group under any circumstance, including retroactively, including as a "preview" of what personalization might look like. That formula is reserved exclusively for meals with real HStix readings.

Required wording constraint: state the count plainly ("7 of 10"), never say the food "caused," "raised," or "is responsible for" the reading.

Acceptance Check
For a user with 30+ HStix-recorded meals containing white rice in at least 5 of them, the card for 白飯 shows the count-based sentence, not a tier label. For a user with only 3 HStix-recorded meals total, no lift card appears anywhere — all their cards fall back to Part 2A static tiers, since the evidence threshold isn't met.

UI Change Summary
Remove: meal-level card flip (one card = one meal, showing meal name and impact label).

Add: food-level card flip (one card = one food item from that meal).

Both groups use the same card-flip mechanic; only the card content logic differs (static tier lookup vs. lift sentence), gated by whether the meal has a real HStix reading.

Dot indicators, swipe behavior, and other card-flip mechanics inherited from existing implementation — do not redesign the interaction pattern, only the content source and grouping logic.

Questions the Agent Must Resolve Before Coding (Do Not Guess)
Where does the static population-level tier lookup table live today, if anywhere? If it does not exist yet, this task blocks on that table being created and reviewed — confirm scope of that separately, do not invent tier assignments inline in code.

Does the current photo-recognition output already return separable food items, or only a joined dish name? Confirm before deciding whether string-splitting fallback is needed.

Is the existing "high impact" HStix threshold already defined numerically somewhere in the codebase? Confirm and reuse it — do not define a new threshold for this task.