Change only the statistical description, not the implementation.

Keep the Code Unchanged
Keep:

ts
const standardError = Math.sqrt(
  variance1 / group1.length +
  variance2 / group2.length,
);

const reliabilityScore =
  (mean1 - mean2) / standardError;

if (reliabilityScore >= 1.96) return "high";
if (reliabilityScore <= -1.96) return "low";
return null;
Also keep:

minimum 25 meals containing the food;

minimum 25 meals not containing the food;

separate sample variances;

existing lift-score calculation;

existing 
0.8
/
1.2
0.8/1.2 display boundaries;

direction matching;

zero-standard-error behavior;

internal-only reliability result.

Change the Task Wording
Replace:

The check uses separate sample variances and the 1.96 directional threshold.

With:

The check compares the mean 0/1/2 impact scores of mutually exclusive food-present and food-absent meal groups using separate sample variances. It calculates an internal reliability statistic as the mean-score difference divided by its separate-variance standard error and applies the fixed directional threshold of 1.96.

Replace:

z-score gating

with:

score-based reliability gating

or:

separate-variance reliability gating

Do not call reliabilityScore a zScore in the task description, because the formula uses estimated sample variances and is therefore t-like rather than a formally calibrated normal z-test. The unequal-variance two-group structure is consistent with Welch-style comparison logic.

Add This Scope Clarification
Add:

The 1.96 threshold is an internal product gate for suppressing weak directional evidence. It is not presented as a clinical significance test, confidence level, or user-facing statistical result.

Do Not Add a CI
Do not add a confidence interval to the implementation. Your existing product logic is:

Calculate the existing food lift ratio.

Classify it using < 0.8, 0.8–1.2, and > 1.2.

If the result is Medium, do not run the reliability gate.

If the result is Higher or Lower, calculate the internal reliability statistic.

Show the card only when the reliability direction matches the existing lift direction.

So the precise answer is: no code change is required; change the terminology and documentation from “z-score/statistical significance” to “fixed-threshold score-based reliability gate.”