Phase 1 — Get the blog building cleanly
In Replit, open your blog-site project.

In the shell, run:

bash
node build.mjs
Confirm it finishes with something like:

bash
✓ Done. Output in ./dist
That means Cloudflare can later run the same command.

Phase 2 — Put blog-site on GitHub
If you already did this, you can skip to Phase 3.

On your computer (or in Replit’s shell), go into the blog folder:

bash
cd blog-site
Initialise git and commit:

bash
git init
git add .
git commit -m "Initial blog deploy"
On GitHub, create a new empty repo (e.g. glukky-blog) — public or private is fine.

Back in the terminal, connect and push:

bash
git remote add origin https://github.com/YOUR_USERNAME/glukky-blog.git
git branch -M main
git push -u origin main
Now the blog code is on GitHub as a standalone repo (cleanest with Cloudflare).

Phase 3 — Create Cloudflare Pages project
Go to https://dash.cloudflare.com and log in.

Left sidebar → Workers & Pages → Create application.

Choose the Pages tab.

Click Connect to Git.

When GitHub asks, sign in and authorize Cloudflare Pages (limited to that repo if you prefer).

Back in Cloudflare, select the glukky-blog repo.

When it asks for build settings, use:

Project name: glukky-blog (any name is fine)

Production branch: main

Build command:

text
node build.mjs
Build output directory:

text
dist
Click Save and Deploy.

First build will run; you’ll see a temporary URL like https://glukky-blog.pages.dev/.

Wait until status shows “Active” and visit that URL to confirm the blog works.

Phase 4 — Set Node version (once)
To avoid any Node version surprises:

In Cloudflare dashboard → open your glukky-blog Pages project.

Go to Settings → Environment variables.

Add a variable:

Name: NODE_VERSION

Value: 20

Save, then trigger a new deploy (e.g. make a tiny commit to the repo and git push once).
Cloudflare will now build with Node 20 going forward.

Phase 5 — Attach your .com domain to the blog
You said the domain is only for the blog, so we point the apex at the Pages project.

In the same Pages project, go to the Custom domains tab.

Click Set up a custom domain.

Enter your domain, e.g.:

text
glukky.com
Click Continue.

Cloudflare will show you the DNS settings it’s going to use. Since your DNS is already on Cloudflare, you can usually just click Activate domain:

It will create the needed A/CNAME records for glukky.com → your Pages project.

Wait 1–5 minutes. Then test:

Visit https://glukky.com — it should show your blog.

Visit https://glukky-blog.pages.dev — still works as a fallback.

(If you prefer blog.glukky.com instead of the root, the steps are identical, just enter blog.glukky.com in step 3.)

Phase 6 — Verify everything
Once DNS has propagated:

Open:

https://glukky.com → blog home

https://glukky.com/blog/fruit-and-blood-sugar → one article

Open https://glukky.com/sitemap.xml and skim:

Check that URLs for the 6 EN + 6 ZH articles are there.

Confirm your app’s Replit URL still works as before (no change needed there).

